Add a mounted config directory. (#91)
bitnami/bitnami-docker-kafka: README.md

```

## Full configuration

> The image looks for configuration files (server.properties, log4j.properties, etc.) in the `/bitnami/kafkaconfig/` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The image looks for configuration files (server.properties, log4j.properties, etc.) in the `/bitnami/kafka/config` directory.
```
